I'm Gallup malice and I will protect to
recruitment limited I wanted to talk to
you a little bit more about how to get
your CV right and make it work for you I
explained in our previous or earlier
video how important it is to say what
matters in the first two-thirds the
first page of your one page cv now I'm
going to talk you through what sort of
things should be in that first
two-thirds of that one page see me that
you're going to produce you cannot
afford to waste one line in that CV with
a piece of information that's irrelevant
or doesn't help them make the investment
decision and I can assure you the less
you say the better this is not a time to
cram that first two-thirds of the page
with every sentence with every word with
every deal you ever worked on the
important thing is to remember this is a
piece of packaging this is what's going
to make them pick you up off the shelf
and meet you and like any good packaging
it should be clear it should give them
the information they want and it should
make them want to talk to you the job of
a private equity professional is to look
at information memorandum business plans
spend a time understanding what's
happening in that business and then be
able to summarize what's critical to an
investment decision within half a dozen
or ten bullet points and basically
that's what your CV needs to do it needs
to show that you can distill all your
experience for the last 20 30 40
it might be and put it into a few lines
that help the private equity
professionals make the investment
decision to see me so putting in
everything is not the way to get a job
in private equity working out what
matters and putting over those key
points is absolutely key so fine write
your autobiography if you want but then
the key to success is really crucial
editing I'm going to spend a bit more
time in the next video talking to you
about exactly the sorts of things to put
in but here is just two tips to be aware
of first of all if you put curriculum
vita or resume at the top of your cv in
a nice 14 or 15 point font in bold
letters don't bother it's a complete and
utter waste of time these people know
this is a CV don't insult our
intelligence or more importantly don't
waste the space on something that won't
help investment decision put your name
loud and clear and then move on to
what's important for them to decide
whether or not to meet you